chore: expose websockets (#2201)
MidLevel/MLAPI: com.unity.netcode.gameobjects/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - WebSocket supports. When using UTP 2.0, a property `UseWebSockets` in the `UnityTransport` component of the `NetworkManager` allows picking WebSockets for communication. When building for WebGL, this selection happens automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added WebSocket support when using UTP 2.0 with `UseWebSockets` property in the `UnityTransport` component of the `NetworkManager` allowing to pick WebSockets for communication. When building for WebGL, this selection happens automatically. (#2201)
```
